bordeaux 6th welcomes montpellier 7th 4
points of difference between the two teams
Bordeaux is certain to finish at the
sixth place the match has a lot
of interest because this is the first in the
new stadium Bordeaux is a
event one can them on his side is
almost certain to finish 7th the
ranking may not change much
so burgundy wants to enjoy it for
make a nice party with his supporters
and it starts very well
jaroslav plasil
for diego rowland 9th minute 1 0
for bordeaux 14th goal of the season for
Uruguayan
he is for the story the leading scorer
in this new Bordeaux stadium
indigo role and unstoppable which
continue to attack beautiful parry of
jonathan ligali and the girondins are not
not satiated the clap of clement
repulsed ligali song
diego role and to afford a double to
the 39th minute
15th goal of the season for role anne who
finally succeeds a full season and the
first steps of the Girondins in their
new stage are very successful that makes
2 to 0 and that's the half time score
Bordeaux who had won only one
of his last five meetings
under the gaze of zinedine zidane who has
given the fictitious kickoff of the
meet Marc Planus is waiting for him
time to play a few moments in
his new stadium before leaving the
Girondins after this match
and in the second half of Montpellier
wake up and managed to narrow the gap to the
63rd minute thanks to the first goal of the
season for djamel bakar who was
long wounded well served by bérigaud
he takes this opportunity to mark this goal which
can raise it for the next
season the Girondins de Bordeaux finishes
still well the party with this center
of mariano and this recovery of the head to
extreme point of parade of
legal then there will be no purpose
additional and bordeaux ends
perfectly the season and starts like
he needs his new story with his
new stadium
win 2 goals at Bordeaux 1 against
montpellier